README.md, before:

# HeatGeo

<!-- WARNING: THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! -->

We are currently updating this repository to provide examples and
improve the documentation.

## Install

The package is not yet available with pip or conda. To install it, you
can clone this repo and install from `setup.py`.

``` sh
cd HeatGeo
pip install -e .
```

To reproduce the results in `experiments/` or try the embeddings with
different graph constructions, you need additional packages that can be
installed via the development version. In this case run

``` sh
cd HeatGeo
pip install -e '.[dev]'
```

### How to use

The directory `experiments` contains code to reproduce our main results.
We used `hydra`, the parameters can be changed in `config` or directly
in the CLI. In `notebooks`, we provide examples on toy datasets.

### Acknowledgements

This repository is a simplified version of a larger codebase used for
development. It loses the original commit history which contains
contributions other authors of the paper. This repository uses or modify
code from the PHATE implementation
https://github.com/KrishnaswamyLab/PHATE, and the Chebychev polynomials
implementation
https://github.com/sibyllema/Fast-Multiscale-Diffusion-on-Graphs.

Commit message:

add SR google colab example

README.md, after:

# HeatGeo

<!-- WARNING: THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! -->

We are currently updating this repository to provide examples and
improve the documentation.

## Install

The package is not yet available with pip or conda. To install it, you
can clone this repo and install from `setup.py`.

``` sh
cd HeatGeo
pip install -e .
```

To reproduce the results in `experiments/` or try the embeddings with
different graph constructions, you need additional packages that can be
installed via the development version. In this case run

``` sh
cd HeatGeo
pip install -e '.[dev]'
```

### How to use

Google colab example on the swiss roll [![Run in Google
Colab](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Run%20in&message=Google%20Colab&color=orange&logo=Google%20Cloud.png)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1SkxGfWz8KLQpcea9MsdP7QEoe-yh5Iai?usp=sharing)

The directory `experiments` contains code to reproduce our main results.
We used `hydra`, the parameters can be changed in `config` or directly
in the CLI. In `notebooks`, we provide examples on toy datasets.

### Acknowledgements

This repository is a simplified version of a larger codebase used for
development. It loses the original commit history which contains
contributions other authors of the paper. This repository uses or modify
code from the PHATE implementation
https://github.com/KrishnaswamyLab/PHATE, and the Chebychev polynomials
implementation
https://github.com/sibyllema/Fast-Multiscale-Diffusion-on-Graphs.
